refact(docs): update Project README and contributors docs (#334)
openebs/cstor-operators: README.md

> # CStor-Operators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# cStor-Operators
```

[![Go Report](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/openebs/cstor-operators)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/openebs/cstor-operators)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/openebs/cstor-operators/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/openebs/cstor-operators/actions/workflows/build.yml)
[![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/JOIN-SLACK-blue)](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/openebs/)
[![Community Meetings](https://img.shields.io/badge/Community-Meetings-blue)](https://openebs.io/community)
[![Gitpod ready-to-code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitpod-ready--to--code-908a85?logo=gitpod)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/openebs/cstor-operators)

<img width="300" align="right" alt="OpenEBS Logo" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cncf/artwork/master/projects/openebs/stacked/color/openebs-stacked-color.png" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/html">

## Project Status: Beta

> We are always happy to list users who run CStor in production, checkout our existing [adopters](https://github.com/openebs/openebs/tree/master/adopters) and their [feedbacks](https://github.com/openebs/openebs/issues/2719).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are always happy to list users who run cStor in production, check out our existing [adopters](https://github.com/openebs/openebs/tree/master/adopters), and their [feedbacks](https://github.com/openebs/openebs/issues/2719).
```
